All right.
So next up we're going to learn a command called the LS.
Stands for list and it allows us to list the contents what's inside of a given directory.
So right now we're kind of blindly fumbling around.
We're using Pido udy to see where we currently are and we can see the backwards or to a particular place
that we know exactly the absolute path but we don't have a way of viewing the files that are available
for us to CD into.
So tell us again just stands for the list and on its own it's just going to list the content of the
current directory.
So let me show you right now here I have a new terminal window.
If you can see I'll just do PWT as well.
I'm inside of my home directory.
Now I can type LS here and it lists all the folders that are inside of my home directory.
So what you see will probably be a little bit different.
Some of them might be the same depending on the platform you're on your OS and so on.
Now let's try going back one level.
See the dot dot.
Quick quiz.
Where will that take me
if you get users.
Good job.
So we're in slash users.
If I type LS Now you can see there's a couple of users here.
And let's go back one more time.
Now I am in my root directory a tape ls and I can see a bunch of different things that are here.
So hopefully you can see that navigating now is a lot easier because if I want to go I don't know into
users or into applications I know that they exist they don't have to just blindly guess.
So I can do things like let's go back to users cold steal type LS And let's go to the desktop CD desktop.
Notice by the way that I'm not having to type the whole absolute path I can just say CD desktop rather
than CD slash user slash cold steel slash desktop because I'm already in users slash cold steel.
OK.
So from the desktop LS You can see I have a couple of directories I've created cat photos confidential
my stuff nuclear codes and top secret.
One thing I wanted to mention is you can use LS from inside a different directory.
As long as you provide the correct path.
So let's say I wanted to see what's inside of the cat photo or cat photos directory without changing
into it.
I could just type.
LS cat photos remember I'm on the desktop but as long as I type ls and then the path it will tell me
what's inside of cat photos.
Of course I could also see into cat photos and then just type regular old ls.
But if you're just trying to figure out where a file is you may not want to change all the way into
the directory.
You can just use LS from anywhere.
And since we're here let's take a look at one of these.
Let's do this video Blue panting and mophie.
So this is a command that not really teaching in this lecture but just get added in here.
So if you use open and then a file name it will open the file for us.
And here's my cab flu panting really hard after playing with her toy so don't focus on open as much.
But if you want to you can try opening some existing files.
It will just pick whatever the default way of opening those files are.
So you know just like if you double clicked on a file it was a text file will probably open and whatever
your default text editor is on a Mac I think it's just called text edit a movie file.
It just opened in Preview.
Same with a JPEG.
Depending on you know your operating system.
But open is not the focus here.
It's really about less.
So once again less than its own just list the files that are inside of the current directory.
Now I'm going to go back to my home directory and other quick quiz named two ways to do that
all right.
So one way would be to do a CD and just type the till the just like that.
Another option would be to do cd dot dot two times C-D dot dot enter and then CD again.
First time take to the desktop.
The next time takes me to my home directory or I could have done CD slash users and given the entire
absolute path slash cold steel a little long but that would also work.
Takes me to where I already am.
I prefer this one but there are three options.
Hopefully you pick two of them.
OK so from here I can type LS.
I see the directories available but I want to go back to the slides and I added this note that you can
supply options are called flags.
They all start with a dash dash a or dash L.
Those are just two examples.
There's a bunch more but they tell us to work in a particular way.
So for example Dasch a will list all files including hidden files so you may not be familiar with hidden
files.
If you haven't used a terminal before if we look here it looks like these are the only files available
to me the only directories.
But if I do ls dash a.
You'll see a whole bunch of other things.
They all start with a dot.
So we have hidden files hidden folders something from Adobe something from Python.
Talk about that later.
Some node stuff.
Basically a lot of tools that I've installed create their own hidden files that you're not really supposed
to do anything with and that's why they're hidden.
Sometimes it's very rare but sometimes you may need to delete or look at a hidden file.
Usually if you're trying to do something sort of hacky so-ls dash a will do that for you.
And then there was also dash L which gives you a longer format.
So I'm going to go back to regular LS without the array.
And just to LS dash L and it gives me more information about the files.
So I believe over here is some permission information about reading and writing permissions.
I think this is who created the administrator.
The name of the file or folder the date that it was updated or last.
I don't know created or last updated and then something about the file size I believe.
Not positive.
Don't quote me on any of these but I just want to show you there is no more information available.
Most of the time you don't really need to use this.
We could combine them to A-L and now we get the hidden files as well and we get a lot of information
about them.
So that's really all I want to show here.
Ls on its own.
Isn't that useful but neither is CD.
But when you put them together you can really start to navigate forwards and backwards and find all
your files and do everything you need to do that you could do with Finder or with Windows Explorer but
do it from the command line.